---
layout: blog
title: Corrupt zipped update site for 2.10.0-RC5
author: Scala IDE team
disqus: false
---

Unfortunately, the zipped update site for the Scala IDE M3 for 2.10 (both Indigo and Juno versions) is corrupt. If you installed the IDE by downloading the zipped archive and pointing Eclipse to it, you probably ran into an infinite stream of dialogs, as reported by [ticket 1001399](https://scala-ide-portfolio.assembla.com/spaces/scala-ide/tickets/1001399).

All 2.9 update sites are unaffected by this issue, and both 2.9 and 2.10 *online* update sites are working well. We removed the links to the zipped archives for 2.10, and this document describes the steps necessary to fix your Eclipse Scala IDE.

There are two ways to install the correct version.

## Start with a fresh Eclipse installation

If you can afford it, it is the simplest way: start with a fresh download of Eclipse and point it to the online update site for the Scala IDE.

## Re-install the Scala IDE from the online update site

If you wish to recover your Eclipse installation, you need to

* uninstall the Scala IDE
* remove the cached plugins on disk (**DO NOT DELETE THEM MANUALLY**)
* install the Scala IDE from the online update site

### Uninstall the Scala IDE

Before uninstalling, you need to disable **Mark Occurrences**. This will prevent Eclipse from showing the same dialog over and over. To do so, bring up the preferences window (never mind the dialog on screen), for instance by pressing the corresponding shortcut (``CMD - ;`` on Mac OS). Navigate to ``Java > Editor > Mark Occurrences`` and uncheck the corresponding box.

Now you can safely uninstall the Scala IDE from ``Installation Details``.

Quit Eclipse.

### Remove the cached plugins

Even though you just uninstalled the Scala IDE plugins, Eclipse keeps the jar files around. Since they are corrupt, you need to make sure they are gone, and re-downloaded next time you install the Scala IDE. Additionally, simply deleting the files is going to put Eclipse in a bad state, so you need a bit of hackery (for a bit of background drama, check [this ticket](https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/show_bug.cgi?id=232356) for how Eclipse fails to follow the principle of **least surprise**).

Enough ranting, all we need to do is to run the *P2 Garbage Collector*. Make sure Eclipse is not running, then open the Terminal and type the following command:

     /path/to/eclipse -application org.eclipse.equinox.p2.garbagecollector.application -profile SDKProfile

The profile name depends on your installation. If you're running **Eclipse Classic**, ``SDKProfile`` will do just fine. If you are running ``Eclipse IDE for Java EE Developers``, you should use ``epp.package.jee`` instead. You can find out what is the exact profile name by looking in ``configuration/config.ini`` file under your Eclipse directory.

Check that ``Eclipse/plugins`` does not contain any jar that starts with ``org.scala-ide.``.

### Install the Scala IDE

Now you can re-install the Scala IDE using the online update site. Pick the right one for your platform from [this page](http://scala-ide.org/download/milestone.html).

Appologies for the broken zip files, and we hope you will nevertheless enjoy this milestone release, that we feel is a big step forward from M2.
