---
layout: blog
title: Play2 support 0.2.0
author: Scala IDE team
disqus: false
---

The Scala IDE team is happy to announce a new preview release of the Play2 support plugin in Scala IDE for Eclipse!

In this release we focused on improving the route file support:

* code completion for every section of the route file
* rename refactoring for URLs
* hyperlinking to controller methods for Scala too
* a new quick-assist in Java and Scala sources to automatically add a controller to the route file
* and last but not least, better syntax highlighting out-of-the-box!

Check the [wiki][route-editor] for details on all new features, or head over to the [project documentation][doc] for all features.

### Installation

The plugin is compatible with Play 2.1 applications, on Scala 2.10 or Java 1.5+. It should be installed on Scala IDE 3.0.0 for Scala 2.10, on both Eclipse 3.7 (Indigo) and 4.2 (Juno).

It is available through the [Scala IDE ecosystem sites][download], the same as the ones used to install Scala IDE 3.0.0.

Follow [this guide][tutorial] for a step-by-step introduction to the development of Play2 application inside Scala IDE.

### Feedback

The plugin was tested on a limited range of Play2 application configurations. If it seems to be incompatible with your setup, or if you notice other problems, please open a [ticket][tickets] with the relevant information or contact us on the [Scala IDE mailing list][mailing-list].

### Acknowledgments

The initial work was done by Amir Shaikhha. The effort was continued by the Scala IDE team and additional contributors: Iulian Dragos, Luc Bourlier, Mirco Dotta, Alden Torres and Vincent Munier.

[route-editor]: https://github.com/scala-ide/scala-ide-play2/wiki/Route-Editor
[template-editor]: https://github.com/scala-ide/scala-ide-play2/wiki/Template-Editor
[doc]: https://github.com/scala-ide/scala-ide-play2/wiki
[download]: /download/current.html
[tutorial]: /docs/tutorials/play/index.html
[tickets]: https://github.com/scala-ide/scala-ide-play2/issues
[mailing-list]: https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups#!forum/scala-ide-user

